I've got 10,000 black folk
who make this city hum.
Meaning what exactly?
You go school these crackers,
Lest you all find out.
- Come July fourth, all y'all...
- What about my husband?
My son is dead.
You take a bite off
everyone else's plate,
Don't give nothing back
except the Christmas Turkey.
I look at my father now...
he's this frail little man.
When I was a kid,
he was the giant
in "Jack and the beanstalk."
He can't hurt me now.
- Who are you?
- Frieda Short, from downstairs?
Where is... my wife?
She had to pick
up some formula.
Lead me on a merry chase
these five months.
What are you doing here?
That is my station.
This is my office.
I am the assistant U.S. Attorney
prosecuting Enoch Thompson.
As of this moment, there's no limit
to what we can bring in.
How do you propose
to handle Nucky?
- He goes to jail.
- Just kill him.
I'm tellin' you it's not gonna fly.
- What's the big deal?
- He's just another old timer.
I'll call Chicago.
We'll get a paisan on the train.
We start making
some real dough.
Make your phone call.
This is a file
I've kept on Nucky Thompson
for the past 16 months.
It runs the gamut from
bootlegging,
up to
and including murder.
When we're done
you'll leave
and we'll not speak
a word about it.
Ever.
I'm a federal agent!
United States department of justice!
Everyone remain calm
and stay where you are.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
www.SUBTITULOS.es
-DIFUNDE LA PALABRA-
Some fight, huh?
- Which fight?
- Dempsey-Carpentier.
That fight
hasn't happened yet.
Daddy eats first.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
I'm sorry.
- I've been having trouble sleeping.
- That's not surprising.
The stigmata.
Make sure to keep
this protected.
Not many people
shaking it these days.
It's slow all over,
I suppose.
It seems
you're busy though.
- How's the commodore doing?
- Nucky.
Nucky my ass. When were you planning
to tell me about the stroke?
- There's a doctor-patient privilege.
- Really?
Well, you know
what's another privilege?
The ability to sell
medicinal alcohol.
That license I got you,
the one that puts an extra grand
in your pocket every month?
That's a privilege too, Carl, one
that I could very easily take away.
Nucky, I... I'm sorry.
Yeah well, next time...
I was wondering, doctor,
when you're done, if you'd
mind checking on Emily.
- What's wrong?
- She's warm, no appetite.
Of course.
Don't forget who
your friends are, Carl.
I'll see you next week.
Trying my patience.
That's enough now.
Come. Come.
Dad, there's some man
here to see you.
- What does he want?
- Sheriff Thompson?
- Yes?
- Who the hell are you?
My name is Dick Halsey.
I'm a clerk with Esther
Randolph's office.
- Who?
- The assistant U.S. attorney?
- Right. Sure.
- What's the matter?
It's okay, pop.
What can I do for you?
Left several messages
with your office.
Tourist season.
We got crowds of people
with conventions.
Sheriff Thompson,
this is a subpoena
calling for your testimony pursuant
to an ongoing investigation.
- It's a subpoena?
- What kind of horseshit is this?
- Dad?
- You come to my goddamn house?!
- You son of a bitch!
- We could have arrested you, sir.
The subpoena is
a professional courtesy.
- Get the hell out of here!
- What do you want with my son?!
- Hey!
- Grandpa!
Oh dear God.
- Eli!
- Dad!
Dad.
Angela, pick up the phone!
Jesus.
Are you here?!
God damn it!
- Hello.
- Princeton, it's me.
Finally, Jesus.
Why've you been ducking me?
I don't owe you money and I sure
as shit ain't scared of you,
so why the hell
would I be duckin' you?
Four messages until you ring me
back... what do you call that?
Busy.
So what do you want?
An explanation.
Your friend from Chicago's
in the fucking morgue!
- God rest his soul.
- That's all you've got to say?
I ain't much
on eulogies, pal.
Knock off the jokes, Al.
He was supposed
to do a job.
Which is somethin' you shoulda
did months ago, like I told you.
That's not the point!
You vouched for this fella
and now Nucky's still alive?
Oh, you pointin' fingers now?
That shows a real lack
of character, buddy.
- What the fuck am I supposed...
- Jimmy!
Who's that?
Princeton?
How long you been
standing there?
How's that?
Long enough.
We're going to the beach.
- Ange!
- The fuck you say?
- Al.
- What's going on?
Look, I gotta go.
Fuck!
- Who was that?
- Darmody,
- Atlantic City.
- What did he want?
Nothing.
I don't know.
It's pandemonium
over there.
Hmm. I got a meeting with Remus.
There's a shipment comin' in.
Romulus couldn't make it.
Is that his partner?
Let me give you
some advice:
I don't know what's goin' on
with you and Darmody...
- John, you got it wrong...
- ...And I don't really give a shit.
But whatever it is you're doin',
I'll tell you one thing...
Keep me out of it
and don't be fuckin' stupid.
George, how are you?
99.8.
Call me if it spikes, but I
highly doubt that it will.
Something she ate
perhaps?
She ran herself ragged
at the lake on Sunday.
There's a bug going around.
Nothing to worry about.
Get the car.
Katy.
Ma'am.
Is he taking
his meals here now?
It was just
coffee, ma'am.
Take the children
to Lilian, please.
Come on now.
Off with you both.
Damn it.
- Where are you going?
- I'm meeting with my attorney.
Can't he come here?
It's with the federal
prosecutor.
I don't like
you going out.
Owen won't
leave my side.
If you're worried, I'll call Eddie
instead and Owen can stay here.
That won't
be necessary.
Can I make you
some breakfast?
No thanks, I'll eat
something at the office.
Hello? Yes.
I'm very sorry.
That was June,
your brother's wife.
Your father has died.
Okay.
I'll...
I'll eat something
at the office.
Come in.
- Ingrid, is it?
- Sigrid.
Oh.
I'll take that.
Oh, this must be...
Your room is the first
one off the hall,
where you will also
sleep with the child.
- I'm sure it's quite serviceable.
- The kitchen.
The water closet
is in back.
A Victrola for music...
A VV-80,
the latest model.
Very nice.
I love to sing songs.
Do you have
any questions?
What is
to be the salary?
Room and board,
meals provided,
with an additional
$18 per month.
Ja, that is suitable.
You do understand
it is seven days a week?
I must require
some time to myself.
Sundays, once a month.
But all of the child's meals
will be prepared in advance.
Ja ja, I'm excellent cook.
I prepare for you
some fish stew.
- That won't be necessary.
- Very well.
You'll find everything
you need in the cupboard.
Her name is what?
- The baby?
- Abigail.
Do you not wish
to kiss her goodbye?
Sweet little Abigail,
how your papa loves you.
Good work, boy.
Good work.
If we maintain those odds
and he's a late entry?
It's unorthodox yes, but there's
nothing illegal about it.
Said the spider
to the fly.
You've been known to spin
webs yourself, my friend.
- A.R.
- Charlie, Meyer.
- Say hello to Max Hirsch.
- Hey, guys.
- Nice to make your acquaintance.
- A pleasure.
Max trains Sidereal.
He's running at Aqueduct
on the fourth of July.
Not yet,
he ain't.
We'll continue to talk,
can we agree on that?
You'll talk,
I'll listen.
How are you boys
making out?
Not so great, but it's nice
to get out in the sun.
There are cheaper ways to get
a tan than picking losers.
You're tellin' me.
My last horse is still runnin'.
And what's the word
from Philadelphia?
Business as usual,
near as I can tell.
There's a shipment on
Thursday from Bill McCoy.
Nucky Thompson's still alive,
so until we hear otherwise...
Any idea
what happened there?
With Thompson?
Who knows?
Word is he's got a
beef with his brother.
Really?
I would have thought
James Darmody myself.
Nah, Darmody ain't
got it in him.
Pillow talk, Charlie?
With the mother?
I'm through with that.
What's the matter?
Manure.
But what can you expect
when you conduct
your business in a stable?
Tax evasion, bid-rigging,
embezzlement of county funds,
graft, gambling,
prostitution,
various and sundry
Volstead Act violations.
What, no fare-beating?
We can amend the
complaint further.
You're like an onion, Mr. Thompson.
The more layers we peel...
I prefer to think
of myself as an artichoke.
And for the record,
those charges are baseless.
There is no record.
This is an informal conversation.
Well, if you're
nudging this chat
in the direction
of a plea deal...
You can save your breath.
I'm innocent, counselor...
Completely
and unequivocally.
Shall we discuss
your shooting?
I can think of more
pleasant topics.
You're not curious
who'd want you dead?
I'm curious who shot me.
Listing who'd want me
dead would take too long.
Do you know
a John Torrio of Chicago?
- No.
- Yes you do.
Then why did you ask?
The shooter's name
was Vito Scalercio.
He lived in a building
leased by Torrio's associate,
an Alphonse Capone.
Those closest to you,
your so-called friends?
Apparently they're trying
to kill you, Mr. Thompson.
- So go after them.
- I intend to...
The sheriff,
your various aldermen.
Some of whom we've already
subpoenaed for questioning.
I'm entitled to see
those transcripts.
Of course you are.
Some fascinating reading.
Mrs. Schroeder... your...?
Companion.
Yes. How did
you two come to meet?
There you go again, asking questions
you already know the answers to.
I might not know
as much as you think.
You want me to do
your job for you?
I do have ways
of showing gratitude.
Speaking of which, it was Mr. Lathrop
here who saved your life.
I believe a thank you
would have been in order.
Would you stop moving around?
Steady steady.
Thank you!
Ahh ahh!
Watch out! Hold on.
Can we get down now?
- Pull it down, sister.
- Beg your pardon?
- Your skirt's too short.
- Too short for what?
It's the law, lady.
The bottom of the skirt
shall be no higher than
seven inches above the knee.
- They actually measure.
- What kind of town is this?
I'll write you a summons
and you can find out.
Swell.
Make it out to Molly Fletcher.
I take it you're not
from around here?
San Francisco.
New in town.
Not much of a welcome, is it?
- $10.
- What?!
I don't have
that kind of money.
Fine, then you can spend
the night in jail.
Come on, you have got
to be kidding me.
Nice.
You're attracting
the beach lizards now.
Oh, let 'em gawk.
They're called knees, fellas.
What's the trouble?
She refuses to cover up
and she won't pay the fine.
- You really want to go to jail?
- Sure, I'm a public menace.
Officer, I'm sorry.
My cousin is a joker.
If you'll let me pay the fine, I'll
be sure to keep her out of trouble.
Gee.
You'd do that, cuz?
- That all right with you?
- Suit yourself.
And cover her up.
- Hey... aw no!
- Come on.
Sit, dear.
Well, what'd you
do that for?
- Angela.
- Louise.
Not Molly?
Molly Fletcher's a character
in a novel I'm writing.
Huh.
- Apple cheeks belong to you?
- My son.
- Tommy, say hello to Louise.
- Hi.
Hiya there.
- So you're a novelist?
- I am.
And what do you do
when you're not
squeezing out cherubs?
I'm still trying
to decide.
So now it's my fault?
Success has
many fathers, dear.
Failure is an orphan.
Munya.
Welcome.
There's the boychik.
- Your lovely wife?
- His mother, actually.
- But thank you.
- Well, such a maiden.
James was right.
You're quite the charmer.
Oh, he's a good boy.
Well, I'll leave you two
gentlemen to your business.
L'Chaim.
To the lost.
Hmm.
So?
Nucky Thompson...
Such news I should
read in the paper?
That's where I read it.
Must we pretend with each
other like children?
Why not? You don't miss a
chance to refer to me as a boy.
Because a man honors
his commitments.
I paid you $5,000
for alcohol
- that I never received.
- I don't have it yet.
With a house
such as this?
My father's,
not mine.
Hmm.
A man once,
he comes to my shop
with a deer,
wants me to cut off
the head for $7.
So I offer to butcher
the animal...
Venison steak, sausage,
rump roast.
Deers are kosher?
I ask on account
of Santy Claus...
With the reindeers.
This man, this farshtinkener
piece of shit,
he's not interested
in the meat.
So I ask him how he come
to kill this deer.
And he tells me that
his friend does the shootin',
so that he can have the trophy,
a head to hang
on his wall.
For this alone you kill?
To brag to your friends
how you've slain
this beautiful animal?
I've eaten venison, if that's
what you're wondering.
I can see that, boychik.
And that you hid behind papa
when he pulled the trigger.
¶ day after day
¶ in the fields
of yellow corn
¶ no place on earth...
She's asleep.
¶ Than old Virginny
¶ the state where
I was born...
I'm sorry
about your father.
People die.
Is that all you'll say?
What would you prefer?
It's not that.
It's just...
I pretend all day, Margaret.
Must I pretend
with you too?
No.
So what's
to become of us?
Your meeting
with the prosecutor?
She knows about you,
about us...
My various other dealings.
Will you be going
to jail then?
I don't know.
Will I?
Of course not.
Don't be silly.
You've done nothing
wrong, Margaret.
I'll let nothing
happen to you.
Those are
two different things.
Is it worth it,
all this?
How long can you push your
luck before you're killed?
So I should bow down
to these greedy bastards
just because
they want what I have?
At the cost of your life, is it
not greed to fight to keep it?
You're alive.
We have each other.
Don't you ever feel as though
God's giving us a sign?
There's a joke:
A man's drowning,
prays to God for help.
A lifeguard swims out.
The drowning man says,
"no thanks.
God will save me."
A few minutes later
a rowboat comes by.
"No thanks. God will save me.
" Then a steamship.
"No thanks,
God will save me."
Finally the fella drowns,
goes to heaven,
says "God, why didn't
you save me?"
God says, for cryin' out loud, I
sent you two boats and a lifeguard.
What the hell
did you expect?
Not even a smile?
I'd be more amused if I
knew you weren't worried.
I'll get through this,
Margaret, you'll see.
We both will.
- You're smoking now?
- Now?
Meaning you didn't
smoke before.
Why'd you
marry me, Jimmy?
Because I love you.
Is that what
you tell yourself?
It's what
I just told you.
But it isn't true.
I could ask you
the same question.
Because we have
a child together;
it's what society
expected from me;
because you kept
pushing it.
Huh.
That's romantic.
It's honest, Jimmy.
All I'm asking is
the same of you.
I haven't lied
to you, Angela.
You haven't told me
anything.
You go out,
I don't know where.
You come home all hours,
sometimes days later,
with blood on your clothes.
God knows where you've been,
- what you're doing.
- Selling booze.
So what?
Did you try to have
Nucky Thompson killed?
Yes.
I didn't want to, but I did.
Why would you do
such a thing?
The plan was for him
to go to jail.
My father and Eli
approached me last fall.
Nucky would go away
and we would
take over.
- You used to love him.
- He's not what he seems, Ange.
It's complicated.
It wasn't supposed
to be like this.
I kept drawing lines
for myself in the sand,
got further and further
involved and then...
You didn't
want him killed,
yet you went along
with it anyway?
Yes.
What changed your mind?
My mother.
Thank you
for talking to me.
- Hut hut hut hut...
- Company...
Mr. Thompson.
Your guests are inside.
Fine.
I need a favor.
In three minutes or so, the feds are
gonna show up here looking for me.
- I'm being tailed.
- Okay.
You tell 'em I was here,
but then I left with Eddie.
Sure thing.
- We expecting an attack?
- They're surplus...
Made for the war.
I've got 3,000 of 'em
down the cellar.
Who knew your Kaiser'd
chicken out so soon?
Asshole.
- Nucky.
- Mr. Thompson.
Thank you for coming.
I apologize for the accommodations.
Better we
do this in private.
How can we help, Nuck?
You can start by getting the
pissants who work for you in line.
Vito Scalercio?
- Never heard of him.
- Well, he shot me, John.
And before the feds
shot him,
he was living in a building
leased by your boy.
- What?
- Al Capone.
I knew somethin' was up.
The little prick's been talkin'
to your Jimmy Darmody.
- And he came to see me months ago.
- Al did?
No, Mr. Darmody,
offering to
sell me liquor.
Now you're telling me this?
The day after you
were arrested.
In any case,
I turned him down.
And Luciano?
Lansky?
Can you vouch for them?
That they're not in
cahoots with Darmody?
No, I can't.
But I can tell you one
of Waxey Gordon's men
was killed making
your delivery last month.
A failed hijacking,
I was told.
The pups have grown fangs,
gentlemen.
What are you
gonna do?
- What would you do, John?
- Kill the prick.
I'm under indictment.
The feds are up my ass.
Then take a plea.
Retire somewhere.
With what? All my money's
tied up with the land deal.
Do nothing.
- I beg your pardon?
- You have no move, Mr. Thompson.
- You do nothing.
- He's under attack, Arnold.
All the more reason
for patience.
I've made my living, Mr.
Thompson, in large part as a gambler.
Some days I make 20 bets,
some days I make none.
There are weeks,
sometimes months in fact,
when I don't make a bet at all
because there simply is no play.
So I wait, plan,
marshal my resources.
And when I finally
see an opportunity
and there is
a bet to make,
I bet it all.
Step right up, friends.
Meet Patricia Patrick,
half-man, half-woman!
Is it a he or is it a she?
- Jesus!
- Don't get her sore
or he'll bust you
in the nose!
And I would like
a club sandwich, please.
A buddy of mine
would eat tongue.
- I'll take the check, please.
- It's on the arm.
- Beg your pardon?
- Policemen eat free.
We're federal agents and
that's against regulations.
- That's right.
- Just being neighborly.
Malum in se.
- Sir?
- It's Latin.
It means evil
in and of itself.
- Like murder.
- Precisely.
Whereas "malum prohibitum"
is a wrong dictated
by statute.
Us accepting
a free lunch.
Correct.
Or people
selling whiskey.
You might say that.
I might.
And what might you say?
- Can I speak freely?
- I'd expect nothing less.
When I first
joined the bureau,
I was convinced what
we were doing was right.
But after a while,
seeing how it's harder and
harder to enforce the law...
We should be going.
¶ in the town
of Louisville
¶ they got a man
called big bad bill.
What is this place?
Just a house.
Come on.
¶ He had folks
all scared to death
¶ when he walked by
they held their breath
¶ he was a fighting man,
sure enough...
Excuse me.
I wanna just get this.
¶ now he's
a different guy...
- Do you know these people?
- They're performers mostly.
- Locals.
- I thought you just moved here.
I did. My friend Arthur
is around here somewhere.
One party last month, a fella
made a giant sand sculpture...
Jesus on the cross
with two heads.
- Why two heads?
- Not everything has to make sense.
Mmm, did you dream
about me last night?
I dreamt about
a purple snake.
I chopped it up
with a hatchet.
The pieces turned into horses
and I rode one away.
That was about
my penis.
Isn't everything?
Say hello to Angela.
- Arthur's a hoofer.
- Shall we dance, my dear?
- Maybe later.
- No cutting in, bub.
Hmmm.
It's okay, cookie.
We're invisible here.
¶ To my honey
I'll croon love's tune
¶ keep a-shining
in June
¶ your silvery beams
will bring love dreams
¶ we'll be cuddling soon.
Four... two, three, four.
"Stormy seas...
Go back three days."
Oh well.
It's your turn,
sweetheart.
One.
Southampton.
- Where's that?
- England.
It's where you make the big
trip across the ocean.
- Did you go there, mama?
- I did, dear.
That's where my boat left from
when I came over from Ireland.
I'm gonna
do that too.
Sail a big ship like sinbad
straight over the waves.
Mind you don't
get seasick now.
I won't.
Your turn, uncle Nucky.
Uncle Nucky?
I'd like you to start
calling me dad.
Would you
like that, Teddy?
Yes.
And you too, kiddo.
It's your move, dad.
Yes, it is.
Nucky.
What are you doing here?
I have as much right
to be here as you do.
I'm surprised
is all.
That it's not me
in the box?
I had nothing
to do with that.
You had nothing to do
with stopping it either.
They came for me,
the feds.
A subpoena, Monday,
at the house.
Why didn't you
wake him there?
The kids don't need
to see him like this.
Uncle Clary.
What?
Mom's brother,
uncle Clarence.
He was waked
at aunt Ann's.
They made you kiss him.
- What?
- You were terrified,
couldn't go there for
three christmases
without becoming hysterical.
Huh.
I didn't think
you'd be here this early.
Why I came.
I'm surprised
you'd come at all.
I'm here for mother.
And for Susan.
They're all together now.
Heaven?
Even if it existed,
do you actually think
that son of a bitch
would be there?
Was he that bad, Nucky?
I mean, really?
You've obviously forgotten key
events from our childhood.
I turned out okay.
So did you.
Whatever he did, he made
us the men we are today,
didn't he?
And what's that?
We run
this fucking town, Nucky.
"We" don't run
anything, brother.
And he can rot in hell.
That's you, boy,
in spades.
No capacity
for forgiveness.
Grow up,
brother, please.
And take some
responsibility
at long fucking last.
Still waiting for
delivery on New York Street.
Clifford Lathrop?
Yes?
From Enoch Thompson.
Just got an incoming.
Come on, let's unload it.
"You're a peach.
Thanks for saving my life."
Mr. Thompson.
Thank you
for seeing me.
Of course.
Would you like a drink?
Thank you, no.
I won't be staying.
These past few months have been
difficult, to say the least,
I'm sure for all of us.
Threats were made,
accusations were hurled.
We could continue on
in this manner,
but to do so
would contradict
the point I'm here to make...
That life
is woefully short.
My father passed
on Monday.
You gentlemen
should know that.
I'm sorry...
To hear that.
My condolences.
My father's death
and my recent brush
with the same
got me to thinking.
I don't need this
and I no longer want it.
I have the love
of a fine woman
and the joy of raising
her two wonderful children.
I have money enough
to retire...
At least I will once
I sell some property.
And when my legal troubles are
behind me, I intend to do just that.
You built this town,
now you can have it back...
Atlantic City and all
that goes with it.
I've already spoken
to Mayor Bader
and I've instructed him to give
you his full cooperation.
You're stepping down
as treasurer?
I am.
And you gentlemen have my word
that I will not
stand in your way.
Choose whomever
you'd like as my successor.
Nucky.
Good luck to you.
And to you too, James.
Mr. White has arrived.
- You wanted to see me?
- Chalky.
What are
you drinking?
It's all the same.
- Where yours?
- One thing I'll say for the hand,
it's cut my drinking
down by half.
To the future.
That sound nice,
but I ain't sure I got one.
You'll beat it, Chalky.
Just do as the lawyer says.
It ain't my legal case
I'm talking about.
It's my people.
They losing faith.
Precisely what I wanted
to talk to you about.
You people want justice?
Well, it's time to give it to them.
You telling me to go out
and murder some klan boys?
You're smarter than that.
You have power, Chalky...
Economic power. In your house you
said your people were behind you.
Thousands of black folks that make
this city run... something like that?
- Yeah.
- Then do it,
- call a strike.
- In the middle of tourist season?
It would shut
the city down.
It would cost
a bloody fortune
and you hold
all the cards.
Are you sure this
is what you want?
It doesn't matter to me.
In about 30 minutes
it won't be my problem.
It is time.
Pardon me, Chalky.
I have a press conference.
"In a late-afternoon
press conference
sure to have changed the face of
Atlantic City's political landscape,
beleaguered"...
"County treasurer
Enoch Thompson
stepped down today,
effective immediately."
Beleaguered...
That's French
for completely fucked.
"Citing Thompson's
recent legal troubles,"
Mayor Edward Bader
named James Neary,
alderman of the fourth ward,
"as Thompson's
interim successor."
Congratulations,
Mr. treasurer.
- Well done, boy.
- Thank you.
Drinks are on Jim.
Well, we did it, pal.
It's ours.
Congratulations.
You're a part of this,
are you hearing me?
Everything you ever
wished for is yours.
If wishes were horses,
then beggars would ride.
We're gonna get you a new
suit, get that mask fixed up.
You'll meet a nice gal,
settle down maybe.
I need to talk to you.
There he is!
Let me bow
before the king.
While you're down there,
why don't you kiss my ass?
Munya.
What brings you here?
Me? Miss a celebration?
I need a word.
All right,
in a minute, okay?
Speech! Speech! Speech!
- Speech! Speech!
- Let's hear it.
You want a speech?
All right,
I'll give you a speech.
It wasn't
all that long ago
that most of us
sat in this very room
and listened
to empty promises
made by Nucky Thompson.
- That's right!
- True true.
But as we learned,
talk is cheap.
So's Nucky!
Let me finish, Mickey.
My father,
the commodore,
had a vision:
A kingdom on the ocean
- rising up from the sand.
- Hear hear!
Well, I got
a vision too...
To share that kingdom
with its court.
- Hear!
- It's a new day
and the war is over.
And to the Victors go the spoils!
To prince James.
Long may he reign!
Hear hear.
There's a bulb out
in the kitchen.
I'll have the girl
do it in the morning.
I'm off to bed now.
Not too late.
It's been a busy day.
I'll be up in a while.
Good night, ma'am.
I'm a lucky man, Owen.
You'll get
no quarrel from me.
There's something
we need to discuss.
Sir?
The day of my shooting,
where were you?
As I told you, sir,
I'm sorry.
I ran into a friend
and lost track
of the time.
Right.
Was this friend
from Ireland by any chance?
I'm not sure
what you mean, sir.
You know exactly
what I mean.
The cause, Owen...
You've never left it.
That's why you're
really here, isn't it?
Why you stayed
in Atlantic City?
Aye.
I want you to set up a meeting,
me and John McGarrigle,
in Belfast.
- Sir?
- We'll set sail immediately.
You tell him
I have a proposition.
A week, maybe two,
we'll be right back
in business.
All's I need
is the booze.
Right right, I heard
you the first time.
Hey!
What the fuck's
with you?
I don't like waiting on line
when I need to talk.
- So?
- My brother.
- What about him?
- He's smarter than you are
and a lot more
dangerous.
- Speak for yourself.
- I'm trying to help you, kid.
Don't underestimate him.
Fuck you, Eli.
You come here to piss
all over my party?
Yeah.
That's why I came.
Whew.
- So what's the plan?
- What plan?
- For the liquor.
- Al's got a connection.
- Capone from Chicago?
- Oh.
The fella Remus
from Cincinnati.
He gets pure
government liquor.
- We can cut it right down.
- Nice.
- What the fuck did you bring him for?
- Manny?
- He's all right.
- He's a pain in my ass.
- Well, you do owe him money.
- Really?
'Cause he only reminds me about
it every five fucking minutes.
That's right, you cocksucker.
We're talking about you.
I said you're an asshole,
you fucking Jew bastard!
I'd knock that off
if I was you.
- What?
- The Jew stuff.
- He ain't the type I'd play with.
- Right right.
'Cause you're
his friend.
- What?
- Come down.
- I can't hear you.
- Come down, join the party.
All right, all right.
Sure, we'll be right down.
Hey!
- Did he fall?
- Is he all right?
- Somebody pushed him.
- Oh my goodness.
Somebody pushed him.
- My oh my.
- Is he okay?
Shh shh shh.
She's warm again.
Shh.
www.SUBTITULOS.es
-DIFUNDE LA PALABRA-
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org